# MSP System improvements:### General:* Implement full RBAC and custom roles* Allow currency to be set in system settings* Remove global search* Option to enforce MFA in system settings, if user already exists without MFA or they remove their MFA, force MFA setup on next login.* System setting to set MSP local timezone* Ability to put the system in to maintenance mode - only admins can log in.* Ability for admins to reset mfa for users* Do not allow multiple sidebar drop down's to be open at the same time.* If a timer is currently running on a project, have a pulsing clock icon appear in the header bar so users are reminded they are currently tracking time. Not clickable but on on hover tell the user they are tracking time on the 'project name' project* Remove share and chat icons from header bar### Ticketing:* Ability to raise/respond to tickets via email. Only allowed for defined client users or internal users.* Activity tab in tickets to be renamed to updates, only shows updates from staff or the reporter. Keep audit logs/events in the history tab* Support to upload files to the ticket* Ability to @ other staff members, they will receive a notification to say they've been mentioned* Change the main ticket view to show active tickets by default, all ticket status types except closed.* Ticket search subpage, can search by multiple parameters at once. Client, reporter, date raised range, date closed range, ticket status, assigned to.* Pagination on list pages* Implement service desk teams/queues. A customer will be assigned a service desk team, when a ticket is raised under that customer the relevant team/queue receives the ticket/triage. Allow admins to define the service desk teams in ticketing settings and assign users to those teams. For each team created have a subpage that shows all tickets in that team and in the triage page have filters by service desk team and have the team for the logged in user filtered by default.* Under macros have a variable for the current user and remove the variable for the assigned user### Projects:* Ability to 'write updates via email' with a CC email address. Responses to be included as well.* Match status badge colour codes from project board to projects list* Move templates to a subpage* When doing anything in projects ensure the projects section on sidebar is highlighted* Badges to display on tasks when they become overdue* On tasks just have one attach button, for images and files* Display projects and templates as lists, pagination included* Ability to reference tickets/change requests/assets in updates* Allow users to remove their own time tracked from tasks and also manually track time (in details)### Inventory:* Implement asset types* Ability to assign assets to MSP staff/customer contacts/or a generic assignee called customer site* Subpage for adding asset manufacturers * Subpage for adding vendors* Subpage for adding asset types* Under inventory have a subpage where licenses can be added/managed### Change management:* Pagination on list pages### Customers:* Pagination* Ability to disable customers, will keep previous tickets, changes, projects, commercial items in tact but not allow any further items to be created in this customer name.### Expenses:* Remove expenses### Dashboard:* Have 3 dashboards: tickets dashboard, projects dashboard, sales/commercial dashboard